ENG-17238 - Enhance "Enabling NVIDIA GPUs" with further information within the prereqs and verification section (#614)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/enabling-nvidia-gpus.adoc

. To enable GPU support on an OpenShift cluster in a disconnected or airgapped environment, follow the instructions here: link:https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/openshift/latest/mirror-gpu-ocp-disconnected.html[Deploy GPU Operators in a disconnected or airgapped environment^] in the NVIDIA documentation.
endif::[]
//the following steps apply to upstream and downstream: self-managed (connected and disconnected) and cloud service
+
[IMPORTANT] 
====

> After you install the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Operator, you must create an instance of Node Feature Discovery. In addition, after you install the NVIDIA GPU Operator, you must create a Cluster Policy and populate it with default values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Operator, you must create an instance of NodeFeatureDiscovery. In addition, after you install the NVIDIA GPU Operator, you must create a ClusterPolicy and populate it with default values. 
```

Reviewer: I think it wold be better not to split the resource names

Author: I have combined these names.
